preparations for the bloodbath this is
how hardcore we are out here on a leco
road
I can zoom in and out with the same
it's carving it up like an ain't no
thing he's like Dexter folks he's got a
code
dated jvc we were soldiers
oh just that easy folks just that easy
get rid the asshole little it's cool you
don't feel it yeah
if it beats again you gotta yeah I got
you
he's gonna make the ass all his teeth
e
you
yeah he got that
me go
and then he said squeeze right here to
get all the way out you got to squeeze
the whe because you don't want to eat we
got ants all over me that's why the
videos little shaky folks but don't want
to miss a moment of the action
now we have to pull the Angels out
gratitude
little pellets
in the entrails
yeah that's the exit wound right there
yeah Cheston came outside he was like uh
why you did me uh he died QuickBooks he
wasn't even twitching
he's still warm not too deep now not too
deep
that's what she said
you those are rabbit gods folk art long
that's the protein right there it makes
good gravy stuffing
it's just like biology really
cycling in a bit
what's that like cleaning the fish
Martin lungs are clones
souvenir for some lucky fan
ah
heart apparently exploded he is moving
frak fragmentation of the heart muscle
from the chest cavity now removing the
head of thumper
vaya con Dios stumper vaio vaya con Dios
you still surfing every day
bash Dash is a crock pot crock pot we're
going to eat it
lucky's rabbit's feet
hey the lucky for him
you